read.md
The problem is the poor time management skill that every person at one point of life become target of . The lack of time management includes- being overwhelmed, unable to set priorities which leads to acute stress that can effect the overall performance. Also, many people struggle with multitasking, for instance- while doing homework, suddenly start checking emails or scrolling down tiktok. According to a survey, only 2% succeed in it while for other 98% it reduces productivity by 40%. Scheduly as its name suggest is the app to schedule your day to day activities. Time is finite and scheduly help you to use it properly. 

Scheduly is the standalone app, will be developed keeping all these things in mind. From setting priorities to making a free time for yourself and your friends and family it will have all the features needed to manage time properly. In this app, you will make your schedule just the we way do it manually but the app will make your life easy by reminding you of the important dates, fixing your schedule by itself. It will also has the feature to mark those items from least to high priority, make a to do list. This way the importance will be given to the high priority things and the things that are least of your priority will be shed from the list if necessary. For example- let's say an important quiz is coming up- then scheduly will remind you of that quiz two weeks or two days before so that you can make study time for your quiz. Then scheduly will remove the least priority things from the list for you to make time for studying. That least important item can be exercise etc. which skipping for one day won't make a big impact. 

Overall, scheduly will help you to make a routine which helps you succeed in all areas of life.